[Music]
so that is how it should be done
jr. returns to his own Bower and tries
to improve things that should probably
go just here maybe here perhaps he was
right in the first place he just can't
make up his mind this could take some
time
[Music]
and it's not just about building the
Masters Bower has something that juniors
lacks completely blue decorations really
please a female and the master has gone
to town junior takes a closer look what
will a master make of his visitor
[Music]
rather than drive him away the master
has other intentions
[Music]
juvenile mailers are almost identical to
females so the master grabs the
opportunity to practice his courtship
display on him
[Music]
juda doesn't know what to do next so the
exits the youngsters bother with the
breeding season clothes adult males grow
increasingly intolerant of juveniles oh
[Music]
dear there's virtually nothing left
Jr will just have to start all over
again
[Music]
you